My Pet Hooligan is a brand and project of AMGI, a desktop and console PvP video game built in Unreal Engine 5.0 that takes place in a proprietary Metaverse called The Rabbit Hole, which itself is part of an even bigger Metaverse called Interloop.
It started with a collection of 8.888 NFT Pet Hooligans that are posed to defend Web 3.0 from the corporate overlord, MetaZuckBot.
Objective is to build a multiplayer beta game, which will be a giant Hooligan Party - It’s a combination of blockchain technology, gaming and animation creating innovative products and providing fun digital experiences.
The Rabbit Hole is more than a game: it is an immersive experience that brings together Web 3.0 technology, gaming and proprietary tools developed by the AMGI Studios to enhance the physical to digital experience. The Rabbit Hole is the first immersive social Metaverse platform for connecting as much as it is for playing popular games.
So, here it is where all the fun happens: a gated city in the Metaverse, owned and controlled by MetaZuck Corp., which means that these Hooligans aren’t completely free - at least not yet - but, while this freedom does not come, the Rabbit Hole is the place to live: running, dancing, fighting robots (and each other sometimes), interacting and living the Hooli way. As soon as the game version 2.0 comes, these Bunnies are going to have many more “extra activities” to engage in, like “Capture the Bag” and “Karrot Games”, as well as new open places in the city to discover. The Rabbit Hole is constantly expanding.
In play-to-earn games, previously mentioned as "extra activities" and coming with version 2.0 approximately end of Q4 2022, Hooligans can earn karrots and riot in the streets, fighting against MetaZuckBot to end the centralized Metaverse.
We currently do not know much about MetaZuck. Things we can assume is that MetaZuck is the CEO of MetaZuck Corp. and MetaZuckBots seem to be his evil helpers. MetaZuck Corp. for now has to be considered as an evil corporation!
While, we do not know the all details, we know that the corporation used to hold the Bunnies to harvest karrots and as their test subjects. Rumor has it that those 8.888 Bunnies escaped from the claws of MetaZuck into the Rabbit Hole. With the Rabbit Hole being fenced off and guarded with towers, it must be assumed that the Rabbit Hole is owned by MetaZuck but the rabbits have taken control. This seems to be the reason why the Bunnies are fighting ZuckBots.

Being the victim of several cruel experiments by MetaZuck, 7 factions with different habits have formed.
Mutants: Upon surviving some of the worst of MetaZuckBot’s testing, the Mutants remain a secretive faction bent on destruction. Having been exposed to Zuck Corp’s radioactive testing sites, this gang of ghoulish Hooligans is an unpredictable force to be reckoned with.
Punk Bunnis: Survivors of MetaZuckBot’s corporate music experimentation program, the Punk Bunnis have very little tolerance for Zuck Corp’s corporate lobby music. Anti-establishment to their core, this delinquent crowd of troublemakers is noisy and boisterous, with a special set of abilities for the more musically inclined.
Cypherbuns: A technically savvy group of Hooligans, the Cypherbuns are the result of MetaZuckBot’s attempts to create cyborg drone Bunnies. These techno Hooligans don’t think like the rest of them, as their abilities to decode and break Zuck Corp’s digital defenses are second to none.
Rogue Jumpers: A rough and tumble gang of Hooligans, the Rogue Jumpers have an affinity for athletic competition. MetaZuckBot’s experimentation resulted in a faction of Hooligan that loves to compete, loves a good brawl, and never misses an opportunity to place a bet.
Playboyz: A classy faction of Hooligans, the Playboyz gravitate toward the more refined and polished. They enjoy their parties and never shy away from a good time, one more thing, they love to gamble.
Bunners: Upon escaping the clutches of MetaZuckBot, these Hooligans have chosen a more relaxed approach to life. While their laid-back and lackadaisical attitudes might get them into trouble from time to time, their ability to appreciate the greener things just might give them some insights as to how to bring Zuck Corp. down.
Hare Raisers: Being forced to harvest Karrots for MetaZuckBot has left this faction of Hooligans with a vengeance. The Hare Raisers are one of the fiercest of the factions, and their skills in robbery and vandalism have proven to be a Karrot in MetaZuckBot’s side.

The color of the background of the NFT is the indicator for the bunnie's faction. Mutants have a brown, Punks a purple, Cyphers a dark-blue, Rogues a blue, Playboyz a yellow, Bunners a green and Hares a ret background.
Each factions controls a selected area in the Rabbit Hole. All those areas contain a telecommunication tower with a unique color for each faction. The new map in Alpha v1.1 of the game has the faction areas colored in the map.
Even with 8.888 Hooligans fighting MetaZuck, to defeat him/her/it, they are gonna need an extra help from “The Others” – the only thing is that even they aren’t so certain about their origin – what are they? Where do they live? Are they even friends? What do they eat at lunch? Many questions are still without answer.
We assume that "The Others" will be another drop to owners of a My Pet Hooligan NFT and some will be given to other projects as giveaways. They might be a playable character in The Rabbit Hole too.
Luckily the experiments of MetaZuckBot formed a faction called Cypherbuns. Those technical savy Bunnies are able to hack into some MetaZuckBots and take over control. The comprimosed ZuckBots become friends and supporters in the fight against MetaZuckBot, other factions or The Others.

MetaZuckBots will be another drop to owners of a My Pet Hooligan approximately in September/October. Not all of them look the same. There are different bots with different skills and abilities.
Zuckbots is a growing ecosystem which is expanding the overall MPH ecosystem.
They're meant as a companion for hooligans within the main game and where built by MetaZuck. Have a look at their factory.
They will allow certain abilities and support while playing (to come in next versions).
They have their own ecosystem and mobile game being built. There are some sneak peeks of the game in recent videos and it looks like a mix between super smash bros, tamagotchi, and battle bots in 3D. What we know now is we will be able to customize the zuckbot and likely upgrade them to battle other players. This will be available to anyone but those holding a zuckbot will be able to use that NFT in the game. More information will come over the next weeks / months.
Game access, anyone who owns a zuckbot will be able to access the main Rabbit Hole game as a generic hooligan. Likely will have some additional access vs a free to play person, but not as much access as someone holding a Genesis hooligan.
The Zuckbots storyline is currently being released to us. It started with Hooli (our main character/mascot) breaking into ZuckCorp and freeing zuckbots. This lead to our first Mint of the OG zuckbots. Everyone who minted (or mints via unclaimed hooligan) receives an OG zuckbot and a key. Have a look at the stories:
- The Heist
- The Key Saga
- The Saga Of The Crushed Bots
Next Hooli found plans within ZuckCorp which gave more details behind the significance of Karrots (within the story) and linked to powering Zuckbots. He "built" a machine which allowed us to burn a key and receive either a Legz bot, QT bot, or a Zuckbox.
So in total there is:
- OG, QT, L3GZ and 4 more unrevealed bots
- Keys, which can be burnt in combination with an OG bot to get a QT, L3GZ bot or a ZuckBox
- ZuckBox, which have unrevealed content yet. Surprise... surprise...

There will be 7 types of zuckbots and an anticipation of a mega bot. We assume this will involve burning 7 bots to receive, but details are still being trickled to us.
The team is in full story mode to release details and we get 1-2 videos per week that progresses the story of Zuckbots.
The community can incluence the story. If all keys are burnt the story will be different. Same for the ZuckBoxes.
Every universe has its currency or monetary sytem. In this case, The Rabbit Hole has its Karrot Token ($Karrots), which will be an ERC-20 token, that will be solely for use in the My Pet Hooligan ecosystem. Currently the token is not released yet. The Hooligans are staked which earn/yield the token.
There is a wide variety of ways that My Pet Hooligan NFT holders and players will be able to earn and use $Karrots in the MPH ecosystem, such as staking, locking, play-to-earn games, claims and more.
Use cases will also include the ability to access exclusive experiences, collect items and perks in the in-game marketplace and minting of future NFT drops including "The Others" as well as other activiations in Phase 1 and subsequent phases of the My Pet Hooligan roadmap.

Every day the My Pet Hooligan ecosystem continues to evolve into an elaborate and spirited universe. The $Karrot token will serve as the lubricant that facilitates the transfer of value throughout the ecosystem, and is only intended for in-game use.

$Karrot Token holders will be able to use their $Karrots on a variety of items not limited to merchandise, in-game cosmetics, upgrades and future drops including "The Others".
There will be a total fixed supply of 1,000,000,000 $Karrots, which will be distributed as per the following pools. The token distribution model is subject to change in connection with finalization of launch plans. In order to balance the game economy, the project reserves the right to make adjustments as well as to adjust prices of various activities $Karrots are used for in the My Pet Hooligan ecosystem.
The token is not an ERC-20 Token yet, but a so-called Synthetic Karrot. Synthetic Karrots or "S-Karrots", are on chain values that live in the metadata of each individual Hooligan. S-Karrots begin to accrue once a Hooligan has been staked, at rates specified in the Token Distribution section of the Orange Paper.
You will get the ability to stack S-Karrots which will be convertible for the $Karrot ERC20 token during the Token Generation Event, closer to Season 1 of the Rabbit Hole game release. S-Karrots will also allow you to claim future NFT Drops, merch, token claims, admission to events, alpha and more that will be revealed over the course of time.
Soft staking meaning you don't need to lock your NFT into the contract. It can still be listed on a marketplace
You'll earn a base of 10 s-karrots per day. There are boosters for holding multiple factions or if you've held for 6+ months
currently you earn synthetic karrots (s-karrots) which stay part of the NFTs Meta data. This will happen until the actual token is launched later this year. At that time any unused s-karrots can be exchanged 1 for 1.
To stake you connect to the MPH staking site and stake. It will cost a low gas fee.
You'll accumulate s-karrots that will show as unclaimed. You must claim them to be able to use them in future activations (upcoming mints).
If you transfer or sell without claiming, the s-karrots will be lost forever. If you claim prior to transferring or selling them they will stay with the NFT
Unstaking the Hooligan will automatically claim the S-Karrots.
To get your boosters, you need to unstake / claim all, which are considered for the booster.
Boosters:
- 3 different factions - +20%
- 7 different factions - +50%
- Proof of Pet (6+months holding) - +30%
Boosters don't stack. Only 1 will apply per NFT if it qualifies for more than 1. These bonuses apply to each NFT that's part of the requirement. So if you have 3 different factions, all 3 will get +20%. If you have 4 different factions, 3 will get +20% and the 4th will get the base 10 s-karrots/day

There is IMMI, which is a mobile app co-developed with AMGI Studios. This allows you to step out of yourself and into 3D character anytime and anywhere, by using your facial expressions, real-time animation and augmented reality. The app currently is only available to IOS, the android version is going to come soon.
Just download the app and start to create! Using your camera, the app will read your expressions and replicate it to your character. Currently you can choose between just 5 hooligans, but soon you will be able to use your own hooligan. You also have 4 background options to create your videos (immi, ar, color or use some image/video).
There are only a few Hooligans on IMMI currently. The rest are on their way and this will mark the first NFT collection available on a mobile app with live functionality.

Hooligram is a computer program that allows MPH holders to animate their Hooligan in real-time. Holders can also control their Hooligans facial expressions and head movements by utilizing their mobile phone and capturing their face! There have been a lot of questions getting setup and understanding how to use Hooligram. This is a compiled list of common questions, issues, and instructions that should answer most questions and solve most of the issues people are facing. Please share this post with people who are having issues.
You will need to download the program to your computer from the official MPH website. This program is available for both windows and Mac.

How can I animate the Hooligan with my face now?
Download ‘Live Link Face for Unreal’ from Apple App Store

Can I connect to Hooligram using Ledger?
Yes! 

All Hooligans can be connected to an application on your smartphone, which tracks you face movements and mirrors the movements to your character in-game.

My Pet Hooligan holders are given commercial rights to the specific NFTs that they own, but My Pet Hooligan and AMGI Studios each retain a non-exclusive, perpetual, fully paid-up worldwide license to each such NFT. Owners can use its likeness and derivatives thereof, but cannot use the My Pet Hooligan logo, names, site images, or other marketing material without the express written consent of My Pet Hooligan. AMGI Studios reserves the right to use any My Pet Hooligan NFT including, but not limited to in-game or marketing promotion, or additional endeavors.

We as the community still do not know the exact plans, but the team has connections to Disney, Pixar, Netflix and more big companies in that area. The possibility to get a series, a movie or even Music Videos soon is very high.
We already get constant updates from "Hooli", our little Hooligan friend. Check out the official section filtered by Hooli for more videos. These videos already look good enough for a little series.

How do I benefit from holding?
Holding a genesis hooligan gives you access. This access can be broken down into three parts, immediate access, planned/future access, and speculative access.
Immediate access to:
- Immi/Hooligram
- Access to alpha game
- Token generation through staking
Planned access to:
- ZuckBot Airdrop
- MPH second collection, The Others
- Token Activations
- In-game marketplace, buy and sell limited edition cosmetics
- Token claims/in-game token generation upon Season 1 release.
Speculative future access to:
- In-game MPH real estate, "select elements of real-estate may be made available for acquisition"
- Interloop access

Immi/Hooligram
Genesis holders currently have access to Immi mobile app and Hooligram online (iPhone users only currently). Using these applications along with the FBX files provided, a hooligan holder can animate and make content with their specific nft. This real time facial animation technology is already operational and can be used to experience never before seen social immersion in a game. While most likely wont take advantage, this technology can be leveraged along with hooligan holder’s ownership of IP rights to not only create content that expands MPH’s outreach but also to gather a social following around your own creations. This may seem insignificant currently, but AMGI aims to build a virtual world economy that empowers creators. Gaining a following and having an impact on the My Pet Hooligan audience will enable a creator to turn that attention into in game marketshare.

Game access
Holders have access to the game’s alpha release versions. This alpha access is token gated and includes the ability for you to play directly as any hooligan nft you own. Early access to the game allows for holders to get a leg up on everyone else by experiencing the early world building process, testing game mechanics, and creating content. Holders have direct feedback outlets through discord to share their early game experiences versions, make suggestions, and help to shape the future of the game. Note: As of the latest alpha build, select other nft communities also have this access and play as default rabbit characters.

Token generation
Genesis holders can currently stake their nft for a base generation of 10/13/15 S-Karrots a day depending on # of nfts stake (see Token Distribution in Orangepaper). S-Karrots represent My Pet Hooligan’s native utility token and will be primary currency for future MPH activations and in game spending.

Zuckbot Airdrop
This airdrop is a 1:1 companion airdrop of 1 unique Zuckbot drone for every genesis hooligan owned. As per My Pet Hooligan lore, Meta Zuck Bot is the evil overlord of the rabbithole that held the hooligans in captivity until the manage to escape. The Zuckbots are individual drones that patrol the streets of the Rabbit Hole looking for escaped hooligans to take out. Currently unknown as to what the programmed nature of the Zuckbot companions will be in game, but its predicted for them to be implemented in a way similar to having a pet (train, play, fight, etc).

Token activations
Generating a utility token through staking is only valuable if there are appropriate sinks and activations. My Pet Hooligan’s second collection, The Others, is likely to be the first token activation available. This drop is estimated to be around a 12k collection and purchased using sKarrots. The Others will generate 3 sKarrots a day when staked, automatically giving them relative value to the genesis collection. Owning one of The Others offers a more affordable ownership stake in My Pet Hooligan’s token economy. The minting of a second collection for any nft ecosystem offers up the tricky dynamic of managing benefits between the subsequent collections and the genesis one. Safe to expect Genesis holders to be prioritzed in future activations. Below is a list from MPH’s Orangepaper outlining planned $Karrot activations.

Marketplace
The in-game marketplace is expected to go live along with the Season 1 release of the Rabbit Hole. In the initial marketplace release, players can expect to be able to openly trade cosmetic items and upgrades with $Karrots. At this point in time all cosmetic items will likely be purchased from AMGI and then traded on the secondary market. Cosmetic releases will include exclusive brand partnerships and limited release items. Holders will have priority access to these drops.

Token claims
At the launch of the $Karrot utility token, which will likely coincide with the Season 1 release of the game, there will be a token claim available for every genesis nft holder with the total value being an estimated of 1125 $Karrot tokens per hooligan. After claiming, the tokens are aligned to a strict vesting schedule and will unlock at predefined times. A second token claim will also occur later on post The Others mint.

In-game token generation
46% of ecosystem tokens are set aside for collecting tokens through some form of in game activity. In-game token generation is expected to start in a limited capacity during the Beta release. Upon Season 1 release.

Marketplace/In-game real estate
The release of shops/marketplaces and other in-game real estate for purchase with $Karrots will set the stage for a primarily player run economy with holders at the helm. Holder owned marketplaces, theaters, art galleries, casinos, all of which could generate real production value and result in payment for services or usage royalties. Holder and non-holder creators alike will benefit the most here. In the future holders will be able to use their own in-game asset creations to create their own brands/experiences/products to bring to market. Based on real estate ownership, holders will likely be able to provide platforms to non-holder creatives who need a place to showcase their talents. In-game real estate is on the roadmap plan but I’ve thrown this into the speculative section since there’s no set plan for implementation.

Interloop is AMGI’s larger plan for virtual world building that will act as the host world to many other different experiences, “autoverses” as AMGI calls them. My Pet Hooligan will be the premier autoverse within this world and genesis hooligan holders can expect to see benefits carry over into Interloop access, starting with access to Interloop’s land mint. There is also speculation of $Karrot token and Interloop’s token having some form of intertwined value.

Hooli Media is a central place to collect all media content shared on social platforms, such as Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, Youtube. The ambition is to have one location to have all the media available with the possibility to search or filter for the stuff you like and want to see.

The project itself is considered as a community project without intention to make any money from it. It should just support the community in general. All feedback is highly valued and all suggested improvements or changes will be implemented when time is available.

All posts shared on Hooli Media keeps ownership, which means every post published on Hooli Media always has the source (even if it is instagram, tiktok, twitter, youtube) as a link in the post. No intention to "steal" or promote any content without giving the credits to the creator.

There are three different categories:
- Gang Media is the content created by selected people who have special roles in Hooli Media, such as giving allowance to posts, delete/update posts. The goal is that those Gang Members share regular content of a specific topic.
- Community Media section shares all the media created by the community. Everybody with a login can create a media content in the community section. The newly created post first gets to a page called "Waiting for approval", which can only be seen by Gang Members. The Gang Members then can give approval to the post and it gets published to the Community Media Page. This is to prevent bad posts with content not related to the Interloop and other content like suggestive, violent, pornographic, etc. content.
- Official Media content is a collection of all the content shared by AMGI team members. This can be official mypethooligan, Colin personal twitter, etc., but considered as content which comes from AMGI in any form.

You can register and create an account on Hooli Media. Currently there is only support for E-Mail registration, but OAuth2 and Web3 login is planned. After registration you will receive a confirmation link, which you need to confirm before using your new account. You should check your Spam-Folder if you did not receive an E-Mail within a minute.

Having an account allows you to add media content in the community section. You only need to copy the URL from your tweet on Twitter or the post on Youtube, Instagram, TikTok. Currently videos are only supported for Twitter, Instagram, Tiktok and Youtube. Images ar only supported for Twitter and Instagram. In the future further inclusions, such as Twitch, are planned. Also on the list are features like comments and likes.

Everybody can become a Gang Member! Requirements are daily checks for pending approvals, quality / availability of existing content and regular content creation for the "Gang Media" section. Being a Gang Member allows you to add media to all three sections (Gang, Community, Official), the possibility to manage existing content, a visible profile in The Gang and access to the pending community posts.

In all sections, as well as in the today's updates page, you can search for specific content or filter the list by selected categories or media types. Currently supported are IMAGES and VIDEOS as media types. The categories vary between the different sections. In the Official Media section you can find category like Sneak Peak, Trailer, Ask me Anything and more. In the Community Media you have different categories such as In-Game Footage, IRL Video, Graffiti and more.

Hooli Media can be accessed via https://hooli.media

Hooli Media can be followed on twitter @hoolimedia_eth
